README.md, before:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

## To Do

- [x] Handle server actions state (loading, success, error)
- [x] Redesign order page
- [x] Auto-generate order id
- [x] Add alacarte
- [x] Add today's order page
- [x] Add payment method drawer
- [x] Add serving method drawer
- [x] Update payment method to order schema
- [x] Update serving method to order schema ("Dine in" or "Takeaway")
- [x] Add table id and waiter at order-history
- [x] Add edit order button
- [x] Enable edit order

**Priority**

- [x] Handle payment change
- [x] Enable waiter to add expenses
- [x] Fix order page min height
- [x] Fix expense drawer min height
- [ ] Skip serving method choice when editing order
- [ ] Add dashboard page

**Nice to have**

- [ ] Add animation for payment method selection
- [ ] Handle desktop mode
- [ ] Change order design?
- [ ] Add cost for takeaway

Commit message:

🐷 Add loading spinner for payment

README.md, after:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

## To Do

- [x] Handle server actions state (loading, success, error)
- [x] Redesign order page
- [x] Auto-generate order id
- [x] Add alacarte
- [x] Add today's order page
- [x] Add payment method drawer
- [x] Add serving method drawer
- [x] Update payment method to order schema
- [x] Update serving method to order schema ("Dine in" or "Takeaway")
- [x] Add table id and waiter at order-history
- [x] Add edit order button
- [x] Enable edit order

**Priority**

- [x] Handle payment change
- [x] Enable waiter to add expenses
- [x] Fix order page min height
- [x] Fix expense drawer min height
- [ ] Skip serving method choice when editing order
- [ ] Add dashboard page
- [ ] Automatically delete form data
- [ ] Padding bottom for order summary
- [x] Loading spinner for selesai

**Nice to have**

- [ ] Add animation for payment method selection
- [ ] Handle desktop mode
- [ ] Change order design?
- [ ] Add cost for takeaway
